# Automative-Report-Analysis-of-YouTube-Channel


This project consists of two parts. The first one is dedicated to data scraping, where with the help of YouTube data API, data of different  YouTube channels metrics will be collected and stored. The second part of this project is its brief analysis, visualization and mainly building a function for creating automatized PDF file with the result of this analysis. In the end, some examples will be given along with brief discussion for better understanding the goals of this project.


YouTube is a good place for companies advertisement and promotion. Along with that youtube has so many types of content and each content segment has its unique viewers and popular channels. That’s why it becomes a key point when a company looks for or choose channels which can advertise their product the most effectively. It can take a lot of work and time going through channels manually to understand if a particular channels fit the requirements. The main motivation of this project is to create the “first glance” of the YouTube channel that can be a potential candidate for advertisement. So marketing or advertisement department can save their time and spend it more effectively deeply investigating channels that looks interesting in this automative report. The reason why I choose to create pdf report instead of living it as python code is simple. Workers from marketing or advertisement department are usually not very familiar with coding. I think by creating pdf report it will increase the level of communication and understanding between different branches of one company. 
